s
hello my name is clemente kings today they
let's teach decorating cupcakes in
Christmas Eve shape the ingredients are
13 vanilla cupcakes a liter of
bergen cream dyes green yellow and
red let's start whipping the cream
first it is important to take the gallon and
shake it lightly to mix
All the ingredients
we are going to open and deposit more or less
a third or a quarter of the
case for this take into account that the
cream will give us a performance of
three times its volume we will beat
always at an average speed and the
average time will be between 8 and 10
minutes this is for me to take a
firm consistency according to the
decoration that we are going to make as you
I can mention that if you do not have this
type of blender can also use
a hand blender and the bablot cream goes
to beat perfectly
very well once the cream has been whipped
make sure it has a consistency
soft and creamy and have a peak
firm
well let's start painting the
colors
we will use for these three colors
as we said let's use a bit of
yellow let's also use a little bit of
green color
and we are going to use a lot of red color
then that is the green color
yellow color
and a lot of red color
then we are going to mix the colors
homogeneously
it's important not to beat too much
so that the cream does not start to seal
in agreement
but the firm is a cream that accepts
perfectly colors we can
use lots of color and the
cream is not going to change its taste we can
also use colors in liquid that
they only serve to paint the
surface these we apply them with
airbrush
and today we're going to start decorating the
part of over the cupcakes we are going to
use white cream and we will use
a sleeve with a coupling can use
As I mentioned at the beginning can
use a duya number 808 that from
ball to decorate the cupcakes
let's start by putting drops of cream
about the cupcakes we first use
the part of the shore we will cover the
part of the shore those who are at
shore and we are going towards the center
placing only drops of cream and
later we finished filling
the other spaces that remain
between the cupcakes
and then we're going to start
to pierce the cream towards the center
gently taking care not to crush
too much the drop of cream that we put
at the beginning to prevent him from going
the edge of the cuts
let's start
to put the petals or leaves in color
green for this we will fill the sleeve
as I remember them we will use a
Duya leaves this must be enough
big since the petals have to
to be quite wide a little bit fat
we will place the petals one by one and
let's take care of touching with the tip of
the duia and start pressing so that
the petal is taking a bit of size
and we are going to cut to the shore taking care of
that comes out slightly on the side of the
cupcake
now we are going to place the petals in
red color equal we fill the sleeve
we remove the air contained in the tip
and now we are going to place them in the middle of
the greens and likewise we are going to
press and we will give you some
volume and at the end we cut
it is usually important that the tip
of the shower touch the base of the cream
so that the petal can get fat and
this is going to give you a little more firmness
and volume
now on the greens we are going to place
again another petal taking care of not
treat it completely lightly
body
let's now use a cone that we're going
to elaborate with a paper
and we are going to deposit inside the rain of
grass
and here we are going to fill the cone with cream
in yellow
we close the cone and we will cut before
of pressing the cream be out
let's cut the tip of the chrono
and now if we let yours leave
so the cream starts to come out here
let's make small
and if what we are going to scale first
towards the whole shore
that are falling on the petals
red to completely cover the cream
white
well that was all we hope they have
enjoyed and do not forget to visit our
social networks for more recipes and
tutorials happy holidays and even the
next